Hi, how are you? I'll show you guys.
my mobile apps
I have is was that you or 53% of
Then I'll show the battery quickly and I'll
I'm going to stand up to show you near
you
op then here in front I have
seemingly all the applications that
I use it the most and I think it 's different from me
I have this one that is a music tube
it works like this to download music
You come here has songs channels
playlists do not know if adjusting the focus
What can not you see that even white
people but there I have here below
in this music my songs
It goes down like it's a video I'm going
here , do not have it here, the
pressing down the new this Lesser Sea
downloaded if I squeeze in more wine I
I'm going to download music and I 'll get it here
because it's very complicated iphone for
download music have to go to youtube
everything else so I prefer it this way
iec the low leaves I like
enough and leaving points the team is
ready
there is twitter the net instagram
This one here to talk about the face and here it is
This is not a big deal this second
I have here the games have these
who heard of the time of adventure he is
so even here you can not choose games
camera
I'm going to take a picture here very quickly.
The picture I took my room
use the photo there and I'll come and choose
Who do I want to put my photo in? Then I
I can come here in accessories to put the
city ​​at the end
If it was on my face I put it on my
face and goes doing this will put us in
applications and the characters - a photo
and there are some here also only that the
very boring game
Then I have this champions that this
Game is very cool.
he is from marvel and the diallo had men
They will like something that I have shown
Pro boyfriend and he is love
then here is a losing protect me here
I protected myself here in mourning with him and
here is my special power in this
Blue whiting crash grip on him is
I will not keep fighting for you.
the IACC games I have asked
I only really like this year.
I met pop katy that he is racing and
if I know it 's for you to guess the 20
48 I do not know how to say it coming
the stf numbers that he is cool
tim burton thing
altogether 41
I just enter the new phase
first it was sweet then it was not
type stump and now it 's Japanese food and Io
here I have to click do with the
coin
I 'll click everyone who has to play
this color here I know yakissoba
I go and do it, that 's it.
subtitle I do not have this riddle
Who's kind of a face to face, I know too.
It is equal to this one O
This is the game
stf it is kind of activity but not
inside it loses and it keeps flying
let's fly
there will thus squeezing I've lost
because I went there for the theme but anyway
sony has the one who childcare and hence
now that I really like
I have navigation here all that is
misapplication
but the star trek that this is the status is
that he is to see who follows me in this
grand I have the letters diet and health
I like it because I see it here
I do not do any exercise ak lunch comes
in lunch
I put it in add add
white rice boiled
here for example , I come here and see
how much is it against points
calorie
What has fat protein you can
put amount you're going to talk to 86
points and it's really cool for you to see
dinner suggestions and afternoon snack
breakfast breakfast and everything else to this
to the food it is to see places that have
food near to bring delivery and
well I liked it but I still do not know
well, how does it work? I put it here.
My age
my height my weight and how much I
I like it more or less, I put this in
on here
I just do not know how to play very well I have
the one of editing photos that I do not like
much of it actually has the imovie that
It's for editing youtube videos.
my luv i downloaded now not move
This was the big mistake is to put the
grid pictures
so I got here and here the photos
so I came here in layout choice
usually choose here
Then I'll click here on the photo, I can invert it
it
I can change her. I have training.
English with girls were the same
apps do not have much to edit
photos and said even so instagram
I do not like to leave very agitated and
everything else and photos only have those two
what a pleasure to make of 4 like this and another
of effects that is not so good as
I do not like it very much
I play games and I always play games.
so I have very
so any suggestion you can
to be down here for me a lot
thank you for attending the theme